seafood	shrimp is a kind of seafood.
seafood	she ordered scallops at the seafood restaurant.
seafood	tempura is one popular way to prepare seafood.
seafood	he is happy to see flounder in the seafood section.
seafood	caviar is a gourmet kind of seafood.
seafood	chowder is made with different kinds of seafood.
bird	the bird flew around the cage.
bird	the nest was just big enough for the bird.
bird	the only bird she can see is the parrot.
bird	the bird poked its head out of the hatch.
bird	the bird holds the worm in its beak.
bird	the bird preened itself for mating.
beat	the beat of the music was soulful.
beat	the song had a catchy beat.
beat	she tapped her foot to the rhythmic beat.
beat	he thought that the beat had a good vibe.
beat	people thrashed their heads to the beat.
beat	she can strum the beat on her guitar.
vacation	the vacation started with a perfect sunset.
vacation	she can relax the rest of her vacation.
vacation	there's nothing like vacation in paradise.
vacation	the vacation in hawaii was a luxury.
vacation	the vacation is a hideaway from home.
vacation	their honeymoon was a vacation in france.
bar	the bar looked like an ancient tavern.
bar	cowboys go to saloons instead of bars.
bar	he learned quickly that bars don't cater.
bar	that bar was their new favorite venue.
bar	the popular nightclub has added a bar.
bar	the bar had an urban feel to it.
taste	she says the hot chocolate had a rich taste.
taste	the spicy taste lingered in her mouth.
taste	the margarita has a zing to its taste.
taste	her delicate palate reacted strongly to the taste.
taste	the distinctive taste of the cereal is gross.
taste	she enjoyed the mousse's aroma and taste.
useless	useless help desks are frustrating.
useless	the useless task was just busywork.
useless	the presentation is useless and irritating.
useless	the trip was agonizing and quite useless.
useless	the grueling process is just useless.
useless	the excruciating demands seemed useless.
beer	guys tend to like beer more than wine.
beer	he can grab a bottle of beer from here.
beer	the bartender served her a cold beer.
beer	she ordered a margarita after the beer.
beer	all she wants today is a pint of beer.
beer	he was thirsty for the beer in the fridge.
road	the bus blocked the entire road.
road	the tunnel cut through the main road.
road	the sidewalk runs alongside the road.
road	the road pileup didn't clear for hours.
road	surprisingly, the main road only has one lane.
road	the tollbooth was at the end of the road.
dog	the man was able to rescue the dog.
dog	the shelter worker took care of the dog.
dog	her dog's temperament matched her own.
dog	a dog is a great companion.
dog	the spaniel was a terrible dog.
dog	the vet didn't want a dog of her own.
collection	she loves her collection of antiques.
collection	he hoarded a collection of autographs.
collection	her souvenir collection began in childhood.
collection	he stole a stamp to complete his collection.
collection	the item isn't worth adding to the collection.
collection	she assembled a collection of auction items.
dedication	his dedication shows how passionate he is.
dedication	his dedication makes him so successful.
dedication	her dedication spurred her pursuit.
dedication	her dedication mirrored her commitment.
dedication	his dedication to her shows how faithful he is.
dedication	her loyal dedication is indisputable.
great	the great experience became irresistible.
great	you are great but aim to be terrific.
great	the great waiter took care of his guests.
great	the spectacular view made the room so great.
great	the food is great and the service exceptional.
great	it is amazing how great of a runner she is.
illness	the illness spread across the country.
illness	his illness turned out to be the flu.
illness	the penicillin won't cure her illness.
illness	she contracted a stomach illness from the food.
illness	typhoid is an illness that affected many people.
illness	he isn't susceptible to the illness.
prison	another word for jail is prison.
prison	he got out of prison early on parole.
prison	no longer a juvenile, he was sent to prison.
prison	she got probation and didn't go to prison.
prison	sobriety is enforced in the prison.
prison	the interrogation took place in prison.
protection	she found security in his protection.
protection	privacy means protection around here.
protection	he avoids calling protection services.
protection	the shield provided little protection.
protection	she feels safe with the given protection.
protection	he finds protection inside of the house.
crazy	his nightmare drove him crazy.
crazy	the crazy taxi driver was freaky.
crazy	the crazy animal looked bloodthirsty.
crazy	the crazy demon was just grotesque.
crazy	the ritual felt crazy and animalistic.
crazy	this crazy dystopia was his new life.
silly	the unrealistic proposal was just silly.
silly	the silly rumor was just absurd.
silly	the unsubstantiated claims are just silly.
silly	the play was ridiculous and silly.
silly	the overblown statistics sounded silly.
silly	the news story was silly and unfounded.
bed	she enjoyed sleeping in her own bed.
bed	the cot replaced the bed for the night.
bed	napping in bed can be good for you.
bed	the toddler crawled onto the bed.
bed	the bed cushions sagged quickly.
bed	he took the blanket off of the bed.
challenge	this problem proved to be a challenge.
challenge	the hardship is a challenge she will defeat.
challenge	a challenge is an obstacle to overcome.
challenge	the challenge's burden scared her.
challenge	this challenge is critical for the team.
challenge	passing the challenge is a formidable feat.
sign	the sign marked the entrance.
sign	the graffiti was a sign of his presence.
sign	this was a telltale sign of love.
sign	the sign was inscribed with rules.
sign	the sign fell from the roof with a swoosh.
sign	the sign hung from the billboard.
applause	the cheering drowned out the applause.
applause	the ruckus of the applause hurt her ears.
applause	the commotion of applause is infectious.
applause	her applause was inhibited.
applause	he caught an earful of applause as he left.
applause	the rowdy crowd burst into applause.
broken	the broken mirror went missing.
broken	the broken leg made the table unstable.
broken	she dangerously teeters on the broken chair.
broken	the disorganized room is full of broken things.
broken	the computer was hopelessly broken.
broken	the door hung crooked after being broken.
garbage	the dumpster was full of garbage.
garbage	he threw the rotten apple into the garbage.
garbage	trash is another word for garbage.
garbage	the garbage began to reek in the sun.
garbage	the landfill is brimming with garbage.
garbage	the sewer bubbled over into the garbage.
poor	the young people were poor.
poor	the poor man felt powerless.
poor	the poor orphan wished for his parents.
poor	the poor woman is tormented by her faults.
poor	the poor girl became dependent again.
poor	the unlucky man quickly became poor.
bag	she wants to pack a bag for the day trip.
bag	he put is wallet in her bag.
bag	the leather bag fell from the shelf.
bag	he had a bag and a laptop to put in it.
bag	the trusty satchel was her favorite bag.
bag	the umbrella was too big for her bag.
show	the show was still on television.
show	the show has one more episode next week.
show	he thinks the show is a bit melodramatic.
show	the humor of the show is slapstick comedy.
show	she wants to reenact the storyline of the show.
show	this show is older than that sitcom.
food	she eats junk food on the weekends.
food	he felt fat after eating that much food.
food	the cat food today consisted of kibble.
food	her food has a lot of nutritional value.
food	he was devouring his food as she spoke.
food	the steakhouse serves vegetarian food.
marriage	she got pregnant before her marriage.
marriage	dating sometimes leads to marriage.
marriage	girls fantasize about marriage after puberty.
marriage	she wants marriage, he wants to breakup.
marriage	the newlywed talks about marriage for hours.
marriage	you should get some marriage advice.
kindness	he had respect for her kindness.
kindness	you need kindness and loyalty in a friend.
kindness	his manliness and kindness are irresistible.
kindness	her meekness outweighed her kindness.
kindness	the direct nature of his kindness is gentlemanly.
kindness	the school teaches piety and kindness.
cook	defrost the fish before you cook it.
cook	if she wants to cook, she needs a fridge.
cook	he thought a pan was all he needed to cook.
cook	the steaming pot holds all she can cook.
cook	he thought you had to cook the dough.
cook	warm up the stove to cook the stew.
dance	just shuffle through the dance steps.
dance	she can dance in the ballroom course.
dance	juggling dance and gymnastics was hard.
dance	irish folk dance requires fast footwork.
dance	he is found dancing the dance all the time.
dance	walking the dance helped him learn it.
magic	the spell proved magic exists.
magic	he doesn't believe in magic or witchcraft.
magic	they psychic performed magic tricks.
magic	tarot cards are make-believe magic.
magic	the mythical story made magic seem real.
magic	the magician cast his magic on her.
invisible	the ghost was invisible.
invisible	the girl felt insignificant and invisible.
invisible	the web is almost invisible to the naked eye.
invisible	the wind is invisible and odorless.
invisible	it's inexplicable how the boy became invisible.
invisible	she was virtually invisible in the dark.
charming	the ambitious salesman was quite charming.
charming	her loveable laugh was charming.
charming	his charming smile was beguiling.
charming	the speaker's charismatic nature is charming.
charming	the toddler's mischievousness toddler is charming.
charming	the charming proposal was gutsy.
emotionally	he felt emotionally and mentally secure.
emotionally	morally and emotionally, it is difficult.
emotionally	objectively, he gets her emotionally.
emotionally	an unsound choice destroyed her emotionally.
emotionally	the family solidly pumps him up emotionally.
emotionally	the kid is successful and emotionally in tune.
cockroach	the pest control killed the cockroach.
cockroach	the cockroach fed off the mold.
cockroach	the cockroach ate the ant.
cockroach	the grasshopper and the cockroach are friends.
cockroach	the cockroach infestation overwhelmed her.
cockroach	the pesky cockroach managed to survive.
sew	you need an eye for detail to sew.
sew	the pattern was too hard to sew by hand.
sew	he is quite crafty and likes to sew.
sew	she forgot to sew the last stitch.
sew	he chose woodcarving over learning to sew.
sew	the artisan can sew the most beautiful gowns.
sad	the reminder of her sad past hurt her.
sad	the future could be happy or sad for her.
sad	the perplexing situation made him sad.
sad	it was upsetting how sad she was.
sad	the depressing movie made everyone sad.
sad	the moment was noteworthy yet sad.
star	the star looked like an incoming meteor.
star	the star is light years away from earth.
star	her star sign is gemini.
star	the microcosmic star still shines bright.
star	the spaceflight uncovered a new star.
star	she likes that capricorn is her star sign.
angry	he was both angry and frightened.
angry	he panicked at how angry his boss was.
angry	she's angry because i offended her.
angry	i am displeased with how angry he was.
angry	dissatisfied and angry, he began to sulk.
angry	flabbergasted at her results, she got angry.
experiment	this experiment aims to study human behavior.
experiment	the experiment is diagnostic of psychosis.
experiment	the experiment asks for a blood sample.
experiment	debrief the participants in the experiment.
experiment	a recent experiment led to a new observation.
experiment	the experiment is built on initial expectations.
mountain	the trail ends halfway up the mountain.
mountain	i wanted to ski down the mountain faster.
mountain	the glacier is at the mountain top.
mountain	a snowboarder got stuck on the mountain.
mountain	the mountain had a beautiful summit.
mountain	the mountain has a steep slope.
pig	the pig and cattle do not get along well.
pig	the horse shared its food with the pig.
pig	the whinny frightened the pig.
pig	the pig got stuck in the lasso.
pig	the pig was sprawled in the hay.
pig	the bigger pig was a stud.
nation	the revolution restructured the nation.
nation	colonialism shaped the nation in no time.
nation	impoverishment left the nation crumbling.
nation	migration changed the population of the nation.
nation	globalization impacts some nations more.
nation	the rebellion rocked the small nation.
shape	a two dimensional shape is flat.
shape	a circle is an elementary shape.
shape	the pyramid is a three-dimensional shape.
shape	her body has the shape of an hourglass.
shape	a typical cloud's shape is irregular.
shape	the set dimensions created an odd shape.
burn	the fire would burn slowly.
burn	the cigarette could burn her skin.
burn	a blowtorch will burn all night.
burn	the inflammable jacket will never burn.
burn	the heat of the stove can burn you.
burn	the flashbulb may burn the curtain.
solution	the best solution has the least loopholes.
solution	the perfect solution isn't always simple.
solution	a discrete ending to the affair is his solution.
solution	the solution is straightforward and effective.
solution	find a viable solution for global warming.
solution	her solution is affordable for all parties.
big	he wants to be a big fish in a small pond.
big	while he isn't obese, he is quite big.
big	cutting down the big tree is substantial.
big	his big feet are disproportionate.
big	there big selection is just a hodgepodge.
big	a bucketful of big strawberries awaits them.
hair	his blond hair looks good with blue.
hair	his moustache hair is a strange color.
hair	her hair is droopy in the heat.
hair	the model's hair was voluminous.
hair	don't straighten your hair if you want to keep it.
hair	the cat's whiskers felt like human hair.
investigation	the criminal is under investigation again.
investigation	an investigation can produce a charge.
investigation	the investigation is led with suspicion.
investigation	the investigation was unlawful.
investigation	the burglary didn't lead to an investigation.
investigation	the investigation uncovered a scandal.
tried	he tried again later.
tried	soon afterwards she tried to call him.
tried	he tried to move the date to later.
tried	he tried to close the door forcibly.
tried	she hurriedly tried to run after the cat.
tried	he abandoned the endeavor when she tried.
dig	he can dig and discover all he wants.
dig	the erosion made it difficult to dig.
dig	he didn't want to dig in the excavation.
dig	they want to dig for another fossil.
dig	you can dig a ditch in a few hours.
dig	he didn't want to dig underground.
gun	a gun is a kind of weapon.
gun	firing a gun can kill someone.
gun	the gun had one bullet left.
gun	the shooter threw away his gun.
gun	he aimed the gun at the target.
gun	the blast from the gun was loud.
argument	the new evidence helped his argument.
argument	i will confirm the more valid argument.
argument	the first argument has a better explanation.
argument	this argument has no conclusion.
argument	the statement supports the other argument.
argument	there's no truth to this argument.
business	banking and business make no sense to me.
business	the company will improve its business sector.
business	he wants to invest in a better business.
business	her business needed to take out a loan.
business	the business will expand its physical property.
business	this new business venture will make her rich.
fish	he wanted to see the fish in the ocean.
fish	he plans to find sharks and other fish.
fish	he wants more fish after catching the carp.
fish	the gator eats fish like trout.
fish	the divers weren't there for the fish.
fish	you might see some fish when you surf.
wash	to make the counter sterile, wash it.
wash	the dishwasher can wash all the dishes.
wash	he likes to wash himself with bar soap.
wash	she felt clean after she could wash herself.
wash	you have to wash your laundry beforehand.
wash	the maid was asked to wash the floor.
science	the facility is used for science research.
science	the student studied many kinds of science.
science	this applied science is very different.
science	his dissertation is in material sciences.
science	economics is a kind of social science.
science	the article is in a science journal.
body	the man had a very athletic body.
body	her body was very skinny.
body	she felt like her body was frumpy.
body	the body of the dress is shapeless.
body	the midsection of his body is well trained.
body	the model's body is unimposing in reality.
bear	watch out, that bear will chase you.
bear	the woodpecker was not afraid of the bear.
bear	the caribou and the bear smell one another.
bear	the bear found its next prey in the hare.
bear	the swan was not bothered by the bear.
bear	the bear ran from the rattlesnake.
ball	he hit the ball out of the field.
ball	she can't pass the ball for the life of her.
ball	she could dunk the ball like a pro.
ball	getting a puck can be easier than a ball.
ball	the ball bounced off the backboard.
ball	he gave the ball a quick jab.
economy	the boom gave the economy a big boost.
economy	the economy spiked unexpectedly.
economy	the economy was in a slump.
economy	the economy didn't predict the carpool demand.
economy	unemployment still affects the economy.
economy	the current economy is good for graduates.
invention	the invention will comprise his integrity.
invention	the invention involves an unexpected element.
invention	the semiconductor was a crucial invention.
invention	a push of a button rotated the invention.
invention	the invention is schematically drawn.
invention	the new invention has a reflective surface.
dessert	ice cream is her favorite dessert.
dessert	candy is a good choice for dessert.
dessert	the dessert at the dinner was fruitcake.
dessert	in her mind, yogurt doesn't replace dessert.
dessert	the jelly sandwich is practically dessert.
dessert	the filling of the dessert was marvelous.
weather	the cold weather almost ruined the trip.
weather	summer weather brightens everyone's mood.
weather	the weather in autumn is bearable.
weather	the weather report didn't predict the blizzard.
weather	typical summer weather is a monsoon.
weather	the balmy weather is good for his skin.
king	the king is the head of the royal family.
king	the king was wealthy beyond belief.
king	this king does not wear a crown.
king	a king and an emperor had similar roles.
king	the king is a ruler of his land.
king	the king is not a dictator.
spoke	when she spoke, she stated the truth.
spoke	she candidly spoke about her experiences.
spoke	he spoke pessimistically over coffee.
spoke	he spoke conversationally without listening.
spoke	the child spoke engagingly in her presentation.
spoke	he tellingly spoke about the situation.
sugar	the recipe called for a cup of sugar.
sugar	plain sugar is the only kind he uses.
sugar	sugar and butter are his two big cravings.
sugar	unrefined sugar has a grittier taste.
sugar	the tapioca is soaked in sugar.
sugar	powdered sugar can be very messy.
jungle	the monkey lives in the jungle.
jungle	the jungle appears giant from every angle.
jungle	ferocious animals abound in the jungle.
jungle	the gazelle grazed outside of the jungle.
jungle	the lion does not live in the jungle.
jungle	the jungle houses a new species of frog.
noise	i could hear some noise last night.
noise	the noise he heard was of crying.
noise	the child's whispering made some noise.
noise	the scariest noise ever was the rumble.
noise	she suppressed her squeal to not make noise.
noise	the noise was a low-pitched growl.
lady	the queen was a classy lady.
lady	the princess is a newly married young lady.
lady	the weird lady needed a serious makeover.
lady	the debutante was presented as a lady.
lady	the lady has a keen suitor.
lady	the lady was a darling of society.
ability	his ability outshone his genius.
ability	her ability and knack for it got her here.
ability	his ability and assertiveness are attractive.
ability	he has the ability to cultivate creativity.
ability	forethought is an important ability.
ability	his unwavering ability is unmatched.
sell	someone will buy the car if you sell it.
sell	she will sell it for cheap.
sell	the high supply changes what you sell it for.
sell	his hobby is to buy and sell comic books.
sell	the drugstore sells prescription drugs.
sell	i sell secondhand clothes for a living.
attitude	she has a negative attitude.
attitude	his selfish attitude won't get him far.
attitude	generally, her attitude is condescending.
attitude	he will work on his domineering attitude.
attitude	his humorless attitude is stereotypical.
attitude	he has a nonchalant attitude about it.
soul	the soul and spirit are closely related.
soul	the goodness of his soul makes him glow.
soul	the fact that he has a soul astounds him.
soul	she hopes her soul will live on in eternity.
soul	her soul wished for something eternal.
soul	his discovery of his soul was a blessing.
charity	this group often volunteers for charity.
charity	the organization has a new devotion to charity.
charity	the charity is improving its allocations.
charity	the charity event doubled the funding.
charity	the charity is a resource for these families.
charity	i encourage you to participate in the charity.
event	everyone was so happy at the event.
event	the event is a celebration of his life.
event	the tenth reunion was a spectacular event.
event	the housewarming event is heavily attended.
event	the impromptu event was special.
event	the headmaster's luncheon is a monthly event.
driver	the driver had a duty to take her home.
driver	the driver can't lift the box out of the trunk.
driver	the bulldozer needed a better driver.
driver	the taxicab driver is tired of them.
driver	the actress needed to hire a new driver.
driver	the driver hates loading in at the airport.
weak	she felt crummy and weak after the class.
weak	the weak competition left her feeling mediocre.
weak	he saw himself as weak and unattractive.
weak	the poorly managed project has a weak foundation.
weak	the dismal building looks weak in the wind.
weak	his weak pitch is amateurish.
plant	the plant was growing fast by springtime.
plant	the artificial plant looked almost real.
plant	the leafy plant looked better indoors.
plant	the windowsill had acquired a new plant.
plant	the garden could use a new plant.
plant	he watered the plant after the reminder.
willingly	a happy kid, he willingly smiled.
willingly	he incessantly complains, we willingly nod.
willingly	he willingly and earnestly commits the crime.
willingly	she openly and willingly answered the questions.
willingly	she is fiercely and willingly independent.
willingly	she consistently laughs willingly when he does.
professional	the worker is a veteran professional.
professional	the seamstress was a true professional.
professional	the skilled professional maneuvers well.
professional	the beekeeper, always a professional, stayed calm.
professional	the lumberyard needs a professional.
professional	the technician needs another professional's opinion.
texture	the table's rough texture surprised him.
texture	the weird-looking cake has a yucky texture.
texture	the jellylike texture of the milk is bad.
texture	the couch cushion had a plushy texture.
texture	his skin had become a leathery texture.
texture	the floor's sticky texture is disgusting.
successful	the successful actress is extremely famous.
successful	the successful scientist exerts his influence.
successful	the successful actor wants more fame.
successful	her successful career made her legendary.
successful	that powerhouse of a woman is so successful.
successful	he had been successful in the sixties.
feeling	finals left her feeling afraid for her grade.
feeling	while he is worried, she is feeling fine.
feeling	the baby was feeling fussy all day.
feeling	the cat is feeling grumpy and prone to scratch.
feeling	his temperamental moods left her feeling sad.
feeling	she's feeling weary of his skittish behavior.
dressing	the thicker dressing has egg in it.
dressing	garlic made the dressing inedible.
dressing	the mozzarella has an oily dressing.
dressing	a delicious dressing will be the garnish.
dressing	the dressing gave the marmalade a sour twist.
dressing	sauerkraut is sour enough without dressing.
carefully	she carefully handled the roses.
carefully	she carefully and efficiently did the job.
carefully	he explained it creatively and carefully.
carefully	the food is neatly and carefully arranged.
carefully	it is carefully and flawlessly constructed.
carefully	she carefully and cleverly constructed the outcome.
doctor	the hospital wanted to hire a new doctor.
doctor	a brilliant doctor performed the surgery.
doctor	the doctor doesn't deal with patient trauma.
doctor	you can't be an occupational doctor.
doctor	he will consult his friend before his doctor.
doctor	the physician prefers being called a doctor.
time	he has a lot of time before the event.
time	the days go by quicker with time.
time	they will pick a time for the meeting.
time	he missed the time of the deadline.
time	write the time into a calendar space.
time	tomorrow is a better time for her.
medication	the medication has strange effects on her.
medication	her combination of medication wasn't good.
medication	the medication acts as an antidote.
medication	the formulation of the medication is new.
medication	she took her old prescription medication instead.
medication	this medication is essential to his well-being.
pleasure	people have sex for pleasure.
pleasure	people get pleasure from masturbation.
pleasure	forced pleasure is an oxymoron.
pleasure	she fantasizes about the pleasure of his touches.
pleasure	he was gay and got pleasure from him.
pleasure	sexual pleasure can be a taboo topic.
philosophy	philosophy provides many perspectives.
philosophy	existentialism is a topic of philosophy.
philosophy	spirituality and philosophy aren't the same.
philosophy	the paradigm taught in philosophy confused her.
philosophy	materialism is a discussion in philosophy.
philosophy	she loves philosophy yet remains agnostic.
deliberately	she deliberately and wrongfully hurt him.
deliberately	he ruthlessly and deliberately ignores her.
deliberately	she deliberately fell as she inadvertently slipped.
deliberately	not deliberately, he arbitrarily asked her out.
deliberately	the decision was deliberately and unjustly made.
deliberately	he foolishly accepted the offer deliberately.
deceive	to lie is to deceive.
deceive	he's devious enough to deceive her.
deceive	the ploy was to deceive the old lady slowly.
deceive	the plan is to deceive and bribe him quickly.
deceive	the operative was meant to deceive him.
deceive	her motive is to deceive his friend.
tool	he needed any tool other than a saw.
tool	the machine seems like an excessive tool.
tool	a stapler is the most useful office tool.
tool	the switchblade can be a dangerous tool.
tool	the tool shop advertised the shears.
tool	the best tool for crushing is right here.
camera	the best camera looks unremarkable.
camera	the camera captures a lot of colors.
camera	the camera shutter broke when it fell.
camera	the camera focus causes low quality photos.
camera	the camera display had many menu options.
camera	the camera reflex is too slow.
art	the poetry workshop was a work of art.
art	the school has a strong tradition of art.
art	the art exhibition left many breathless.
art	the contemporary art left much to be desired.
art	medieval art is not up her alley.
art	the irony of the piece is pure art.
construction	construction slowed down at the last wall.
construction	plastering is the next step in construction.
construction	the flooring began the construction process.
construction	the remodeling takes two years of construction.
construction	the homeowner hated the construction.
construction	the construction is true workmanship.
unaware	she is unaware of how oblivious he is.
unaware	she was unaware and unashamed of her status.
unaware	her words are unprejudiced yet unaware.
unaware	he is inarticulate and unaware of this issue.
unaware	he's unaware of how uninterested she is.
unaware	he's unaware and unequipped for this.
disturb	his insult will disturb her deeply.
disturb	his affect will begin to disturb me soon.
disturb	he can disturb and aggravate anyone.
disturb	conspire as much as you can to disturb her.
disturb	restrain him so he can't disturb me.
disturb	do not disturb or jeopardize your chance.
emotion	his shame is his least controlled emotion.
emotion	sorrow is his dominating emotion nowadays.
emotion	indignation was the emotion she could identify.
emotion	betrayal isn't an emotion you can trigger.
emotion	she felt an emotion she knew to be embarrassment.
emotion	she has a desire to feel overwhelming emotion.
device	the device has a finicky antenna.
device	the device is wired very simply.
device	she had to coax the device to start it.
device	the switch on the device popped off.
device	the device was disconnected from power.
device	the transistor was built into the device.
suspect	the suspect was dead before they got there.
suspect	the police still don't have a prime suspect.
suspect	the suspect attempted to run.
suspect	the suspect committed suicide in prison.
suspect	the real kidnapper isn't a suspect in the case.
suspect	the suspect's motive was senseless.
play	he wanted to play the game, too.
play	you can play too if you play softball.
play	he gets to play golf at his meetings.
play	play volleyball more often for good legs.
play	sparring is his way to play with you.
play	the competition forces you to play well.
smart	the informed candidate has smart responses.
smart	he seems smart and sincere.
smart	she is fearless and very smart.
smart	she genuinely is smart but doesn't work hard.
smart	the fifth grader is smart and resourceful.
smart	while she's too trusting, she's smart.
movie	this story is left out of the movie.
movie	the character doesn't develop in the movie.
movie	the movie premiere had a red carpet.
movie	this movie is one adventure after the other.
movie	turn on the t.v. to watch the movie.
movie	a movie can have many sequels.
movement	the movement was revolutionary.
movement	this is a movement against communism.
movement	the movement was oppressive.
movement	the movement is based on utopian ideals.
movement	many in the movement have a scary mindset.
movement	radical people took part in the movement.
electron	the electron moves in a wave.
electron	an electron is a miniscule particle.
electron	an electron impacts the substance's equilibrium.
electron	he calculated the wavelength of an electron.
electron	use planck's constant for the mass of an electron.
electron	find the thermal energy of an electron.
student	the student was in class when his aunt called.
student	every student receives a merit scholarship.
student	the faculty to student ratio is high this year.
student	the student reread her notes before the course.
student	this past term zipped by for the student.
student	only one student in the class is bilingual.
delivery	the website offered free delivery.
delivery	the delivery date was unclear.
delivery	the form of delivery was up to him.
delivery	she wants to intercept the delivery.
delivery	he wanted confirmation of the delivery.
delivery	she requested express delivery to save time.
trial	the case finally went to trial.
trial	the lawyer mediated before the trial.
trial	a decision will be made during the trial.
trial	the defendant in the trial got nervous.
trial	the juror was forced to be in the trial.
trial	the trial is a huge a chance for the attorney.
laugh	she tried not to laugh and had to gasp.
laugh	at comedy clubs people both laugh and clap.
laugh	when i laugh i sometimes sneeze.
laugh	a giggle is the most she will ever laugh.
laugh	she tends to sigh whenever i laugh.
laugh	he spit out his water when he had to laugh.
usable	the writing is usable but barely publishable.
usable	the design is usable and reproducible.
usable	the distinguishable product isn't usable.
usable	the microwave is recognizably usable.
usable	it will be marketable once it is universally usable.
usable	the usable parts are all salvageable.
apartment	they rent out the apartment in their home.
apartment	this apartment floor is under renovation.
apartment	this apartment doesn't have a big kitchen.
apartment	parts of the apartment are ladder accessible.
apartment	the long hallway in the apartment is skinny.
apartment	the apartment has cute little nooks.
building	the building used to be a theater.
building	the library building is pretty old.
building	the building is a mansion for themselves.
building	there's a mousetrap in the building entrance.
building	the skyscraper is the city's newest building.
building	the mosque is the lowest building here.
dangerous	the punishment was dangerous and cruel.
dangerous	climbing that dangerous bridge is boneheaded.
dangerous	aggravating the president is unpatriotic and dangerous.
dangerous	it's unwise and dangerous to take it on.
dangerous	the dangerous monster smelled atrociously.
dangerous	these dangerous conditions are unacceptable.
gold	i want a gold watch for my thirtieth.
gold	the yellow gold shines brightly in the sun.
gold	he eventually chose the gold ring.
gold	the horseshoe has pink and gold accents.
gold	the glittering gold is breathtaking.
gold	the paperweight was made of gold.
typical	it was typical for him to rely on her.
typical	it is typical for him to seem peculiar.
typical	it is typical for her to include him.
typical	she assumed that this weather is typical.
typical	he prefers the typical and conventional.
typical	she's accustomed to a more typical interaction.
law	the law would act to her benefit.
law	he will enforce the law if she breaks it.
law	the applicability of the law is murky.
law	house arrest is a law-imposed restriction.
law	a new law doesn't work retroactively.
law	all i want is to overturn that law.
skin	the skin on her face turns red in the sun.
skin	shaving your skin makes it smoother.
skin	her skin is prone to a pimple or two.
skin	tanning your skin artificially causes cancer.
skin	the fragrance of his skin was delightful.
skin	a vampire's skin can shimmer in the sun.
music	this song is like her favorite kind of music.
music	the orchestra plays beautiful music.
music	i can't improvise music, unfortunately.
music	the performer forgot his sheet music.
music	karaoke is not the place for good music.
music	elevator music is usually instrumental.
hurting	her nose is still hurting after the fall.
hurting	his tooth was hurting after practice.
hurting	hurting her hip was the worst outcome.
hurting	the child's bony bottom is hurting her lap.
hurting	the prosthetic arm was hurting her.
hurting	her pelvis was hurting tremendously.
left	his remains were left on the battlefield.
left	the child was thankfully left unharmed.
left	the turkey was left from november.
left	she was left undecided after hearing him out.
left	he was left feeling unnoticed.
left	his question was left unanswered.
war	the army was willing to lose the war.
war	the camp is not safe from the war.
war	the soldier was sent to war.
war	he did not want to know of any war casualty.
war	you can rebel against a war.
war	the battlefield of the war grew quickly.
personality	his personality changes with his stress.
personality	his personality is just compulsive.
personality	her subconscious impacted her personality.
personality	he has borderline personality disorder.
personality	his personality brought down her mood.
personality	that overt trait is a part of her personality.
impress	you impress the unsuspecting countess.
impress	don't terrify her but impress her.
impress	misdirect his attention to impress him.
impress	titillate his interests to impress him.
impress	try to impress or astonish him!
impress	you will mesmerize and impress your audience.
job	for her job she works as a cashier.
job	the coordinator's job is to organize.
job	recruitment season is a time to get a job.
job	the job position recently closed.
job	the manager wanted to give up his job.
job	this month the job is under supervision.
read	i can't read that whole book.
read	she read the information online.
read	the title was too long to read.
read	half of the literature she reads is medieval.
read	he didn't read up on any of the relevant topics.
read	he read the documentation of the case.
election	the election took place at the meeting.
election	the council has an election next spring.
election	the candidate was up for election.
election	the poll was swarmed for the election.
election	the nomination for election was an honor.
election	the councilman will stay for the election.
stupid	that guy is so stupid and such a fool.
stupid	the stupid secretary is just incompetent.
stupid	he said a bunch of stupid baloney.
stupid	good riddance to that stupid project!
stupid	the stupid lowlife walked right out.
stupid	she calls him a jackass, i think he's stupid.
sound	the sound of her voice will resonate.
sound	the microphone wasn't producing any sound.
sound	the speakerphone has a great sound quality.
sound	that sound came from the keyboard.
sound	his sound was on mute.
sound	she's broadcasting the sound across the field.
help	someone had to help her replace the engine.
help	you can't recover without a doctor to help you.
help	stimulate the area to help it wake up.
help	please clarify how i can help.
help	you will stabilize if you let him help you.
help	reinforce the idea that help is good.
blood	she was bleeding and lost a lot of blood.
blood	the blood circulation in her legs is bad.
blood	blood began to fill the wound.
blood	blood spurted out of the rupture.
blood	blood flows through the major artery.
blood	blood looks blue through our skin.
wear	she wanted to wear a dress tonight.
wear	when you wear silk you have to be careful.
wear	i want to wear a handkerchief tonight.
wear	i can't wear this unbuttoned to meet his parents.
wear	i'll scream if you wear bloomers again.
wear	i like to wear sheath-like material.
picture	the picture was sketched on paper.
picture	he will scribble a picture for you.
picture	printing a picture is harder than it seems.
picture	draw the picture in ink.
picture	picture is another word for a photograph.
picture	the letter contained a picture.
flow	hot air would flow out from the heater.
flow	the water flow reminds him to pay his rent.
flow	the leak disrupted the flow.
flow	the spout has a shape that inhibits flow.
flow	a liter of water will flow out of the canister.
flow	the turbine relies on a steady flow.
mathematical	it's a random mathematical expression to me.
mathematical	calculus is a type of mathematical study.
mathematical	the mathematical simulation made the point.
mathematical	the course has a mathematical classification.
mathematical	mathematical formulas use arbitrary variables.
mathematical	these generalizations are mathematical in nature.
brain	the human brain still amazes us today.
brain	the brain is made up of cells.
brain	the brain has no nerve endings.
brain	a neuron is the fundamental unit of the brain.
brain	neuroscientists research the brain functions.
brain	the oldest brain is the cerebellum.
land	this piece of land borders two countries.
land	the island consists of uninhabitable land.
land	a fence marks the border of his land.
land	this land is his refuge.
land	in a faraway land, people live differently.
land	a swamp shouldn't be classified as land.
damage	the accident left some serious damage.
damage	the snow's impact required damage control.
damage	the possibility of damage made her nervous.
damage	the storm caused inevitable damage.
damage	the flood caused severe damage.
damage	there is an unexpected amount of damage.
religious	religious people often go to church.
religious	religious people often pray.
religious	a religious man, he gave a prayer.
religious	a missionary is religious by definition.
religious	they perform religious practice at the chapel.
religious	the religious man was pious.
relationship	their relationship began as an affair.
relationship	the couple recently labeled its relationship.
relationship	intimacy is gained in a relationship.
relationship	the brother's relationship was chummy.
relationship	her parents' relationship is harmonious.
relationship	their working relationship was amicable.
tree	the apple tree bore fruit in the spring.
tree	the orange tree provides bountiful produce.
tree	the tree smelled like spearmint.
tree	the sandalwood tree is yellow.
tree	a hemlock is a kind of tree.
tree	the twig broke off of the tree.
accomplished	the accomplished writer loves to read.
accomplished	the accomplished producer is well respected.
accomplished	the playwright wanted to be accomplished.
accomplished	the accomplished choreographer waits alone.
accomplished	the thinker became accomplished later on.
accomplished	the accomplished publicist has many clients.
quality	the shopkeeper will guarantee good quality.
quality	the performance quality sells the shows out.
quality	he was a stickler for good quality.
quality	their standard of quality is higher than yours.
quality	maintaining quality of produce is hard.
quality	cleanliness is the first decree in quality.
dinner	her lunch is often leftovers from dinner.
dinner	he wanted a sandwich for dinner.
dinner	noodles from dinner were on the table.
dinner	fondue for dinner is her favorite.
dinner	i would like to serve dinner now.
dinner	the dinner was super yummy.
pain	she could get no relief from the pain.
pain	the simple irritation became intense pain.
pain	her migraine caused her pain.
pain	a nosebleed usually doesn't cause you pain.
pain	she had some bruising but felt no pain.
pain	the pain from the stomachache is unbearable.
fight	the first sword swing began the fight.
fight	the beat started the fight.
fight	the goblin fled from the fight.
fight	the gladiator did not want to fight.
fight	her bloodline was worth the fight.
fight	the warlock put up a good fight.
obligation	her obligation made her liable.
obligation	the reserved man made privacy an obligation.
obligation	the contract outlined their obligation.
obligation	the obligation was harmless.
obligation	the stockholder has an obligation to stay.
obligation	his boss refused to disclose the obligation.
light	the morning light was clear today.
light	the light from the window hurt her eyes.
light	there isn't much light during dusk.
light	the light is so bright that he has to squint.
light	the storm clouds were clouding the light.
light	the light reflected off of the window.
disease	heart disease is common in the u.s.
disease	type two diabetes is an adult disease.
disease	the tumor was a symptom of a disease.
disease	abnormal results show the onset of disease.
disease	she heard her disease is in remission.
disease	respiratory disease hinders his breath.
level	i just measured his level of consciousness.
level	the salary reflects your level of performance.
level	the threshold level is unreal.
level	the level of unemployment has risen.
level	step it up a level to increase the quota.
level	he performs at a greater level than you.
extremely	her written work is extremely powerful.
extremely	she is impossibly kind and extremely driven.
extremely	she is extremely and intensely motivated.
extremely	she is extremely grateful and infinitely proud.
extremely	steve is exceptionally gifted and extremely humble.
extremely	sarah unarguably remained extremely competitive.
reaction	oxygen and metal create a reaction.
reaction	the chemical reaction is hard to explain.
reaction	dilute the solutions for a reaction.
reaction	adding ethanol produces a new reaction.
reaction	the impurity won't create a reaction.
reaction	the concentration bears impact on the reaction.
news	the report presents the news in lay language.
news	she took a peek at the news before work.
news	the forum argued about the news.
news	the archives contain the news since 1950.
news	the news is broadcasted in the newsroom.
news	i learn a lot of gossip from the news.
money	i will pay you money for this.
money	a good retirement requires saving money.
money	his paycheck means money for the kids.
money	she wants to borrow some of his money.
money	earn some money before you take mine.
money	i can withdraw some money beforehand.
engine	the engine is in the front of the car.
engine	the spare tire is up by the engine.
engine	a hybrid car has a different engine.
engine	the jeep's engine gave out at the traffic light.
engine	engine is another word for motor.
engine	this car has its engine in the trunk.
clothes	none of his clothes are made of mesh.
clothes	sizing a young boy's clothes is difficult.
clothes	that hat doesn't match his clothes.
clothes	his clothes are often made of flannel.
clothes	sports clothes can be made of spandex.
clothes	his jacket protects his clothes from getting wet.
material	that material is hard to rip.
material	covering the statue with any material is hard.
material	silicone is a bendy kind of material.
material	the material has an adhesive side.
material	the material will cling to your hair.
material	these scientists create an unbreakable material.
toy	the toy was so cute.
toy	that doll is the perfect toy for her.
toy	the toy was jumbo sized.
toy	the toy is strangely lifelike.
toy	the water toy was inflatable.
toy	the dinky toy kept the cat preoccupied.
plan	the first step of the plan is now complete.
plan	the plan can result in a transformation.
plan	the execution of the plan was preemptive.
plan	the expulsion led to a change of plan.
plan	the plan is a demonstration of her goodwill.
plan	follow the essential plan for success.
table	the table is made of glass.
table	the chandelier hangs right above the table.
table	he put the candle on the table.
table	the porcelain is at the center of the table.
table	the silverware looks beautiful on the table.
table	the chrome table had a very modern look.
mechanism	pull the wire to trigger a mechanism.
mechanism	the latch was part of a bigger mechanism.
mechanism	the mechanism had to handle to start it.
mechanism	the man is proud of his patented mechanism.
mechanism	the mechanism is designed for that.
mechanism	he's able to fix the mechanism in no time.
liar	he's a troublemaker, not a liar.
liar	the cheater had always been a major liar.
liar	she is a pessimist and a liar.
liar	the discovered liar is now an imposter.
liar	the fast talker and liar both spoke fast.
liar	the faker became a full-blown liar.
sexy	many people find the model super sexy.
sexy	his girlfriend is so sexy.
sexy	the pervert thought her heartbeat was sexy.
sexy	the idea of a cheerleader is very sexy.
sexy	he's a babe, that's how sexy he is.
sexy	knowing how to seduce someone is sexy.
sin	she can't forgive him for this sin.
sin	make sure your wrath doesn't make you sin.
sin	sin makes a sinner.
sin	the sin of a firstborn is never forgotten.
sin	the couple is rejoicing in his sin.
sin	the extent of the sin was an abomination.
ship	boat is another name for a small ship.
ship	the pilot made it onto the ship in time.
ship	the sail of the ship ripped in the wind.
ship	the ship was off onto its next expedition.
ship	the voyage began as the ship left the island.
ship	the yacht was the owner's favorite ship.
elegance	her elegance exuded unexpected warmth.
elegance	the event's formality screams elegance.
elegance	the home's grandeur signified its elegance.
elegance	the simplicity of her elegance is incomparable.
elegance	sensuality and elegance are hard to fake.
elegance	the elegance of the palace is inherent.
residence	he took up residence in a nearby town.
residence	the nearest residence is five miles away.
residence	the lodge looks like a personal residence.
residence	the neighborhood has a new residence or two.
residence	the location of the residence is sublime.
residence	she could take up residence in the hotel.
word	she used the correct word on the first try.
word	the sentence was missing a word.
word	her nickname is a word used to describe goats.
word	that word is difficult to pronounce.
word	the spelling of the word makes no sense.
word	i can't seem to translate that word.
team	the team won yet another game.
team	the team set a new record.
team	the team was in the lead at halftime.
team	the entering freshman dominated the team.
team	the prospect of playing with the team is good.
team	the team lineup was daunting.
computer	the system crash destroyed the computer.
computer	running the application freezes the computer.
computer	she had this kind of interface on her computer.
computer	the infrastructure of the computer is weird.
computer	he was streaming music from his computer.
computer	his desktop computer is pretty old.
do	do you often deviate from the rules?
do	i do not falter when i know what i want.
do	you do get punished if you misbehave.
do	do me no wrong and divulge the secret.
do	i dare you to do that.
do	you do have the tendency to annoy me.
smiling	smiling, he stayed staring at the sun.
smiling	smiling innocently, she took the candy.
smiling	he was smiling angrily.
smiling	smiling faintly, she said goodbye.
smiling	the little boy is smiling obligingly.
smiling	the woman is smiling wistfully out the window.
dissolve	inject a solution to dissolve the powder.
dissolve	disperse the chunks in fluid to dissolve them.
dissolve	dissolve the substance and it will evaporate.
dissolve	distill and dissolve the issue immediately.
dissolve	you can compartmentalize it but never dissolve it.
dissolve	demystify and dissolve the rumor.
ignorance	blame his frailty rather than his ignorance.
ignorance	his striking ignorance upholds his arrogance.
ignorance	their ignorance stems from their debauchery.
ignorance	his complete ignorance creates inefficiency.
ignorance	cut the tomfoolery and fix on your ignorance.
ignorance	your cockiness and ignorance bother me most.
code	change the code to make it run faster.
code	the new solution could save the code.
code	she added new code to the script.
code	he can code like a pro but can't type.
code	the key to good code is simplicity.
code	modify her code so it can take user inputs.
argumentatively	he unadvisedly spoke argumentatively.
argumentatively	the hardhearted woman speaks argumentatively.
argumentatively	she pitilessly and argumentatively tore him apart.
argumentatively	the thought is dirtily and argumentatively constructed.
argumentatively	they spoke precociously and argumentatively.
argumentatively	her speech began provocatively and argumentatively.
count	he couldn't count past five.
count	he will count backwards to one.
count	she was able to count to a hundred.
count	i will count by fives to speed it up.
count	i can count the tally for you.
count	he will count up to fourteen.